migrate kb articles to cluster deployment and production readiness (#2428)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/prod-readiness-context/platform-defaults.md

---
id: platform-defaults

> title: Temporal Platform Defaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Temporal Platform defaults
```

sidebar_label: Platform Defaults
description: This page details many of the defaults coded into the Temporal Platform that can produce errors and warnings.
tags:
  - error
  - warn
  - limits
---

:::caution

> For the latest information on the Temporal Cloud limits, see [Temporal Cloud limits sheet](/cloud/operating-envelope#default-limits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the latest information on the Temporal Cloud default limits, see [What are the Temporal Cloud default limits?](/cloud/operating-envelope#default-limits)
```
